chore: fix various typos and update to US English (#23580)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.components.md

```html [pages/example.vue]
<template>
  <div>

>     <!-- this component will render Comments.server on the server-side then Comments.client once mounted on the client-side -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <!-- this component will render Comments.server on the server then Comments.client once mounted in the browser -->
```
